now for the case of vampiric lore in
1922 NOS barato starring Max Schreck as
count or lock there was a terrible
mistake made and near the very end of
the film a silent film the vampire has
just been in the heroine and stands up
and his reflection is clearly seen in
the mirror then a few moments later as
he stands near a window the sunlight
burns him to death disintegrates his
body but a violation of vampiric lore
that a vampire's reflection should never
be seen in any mirror now must fast
forward in 1931 of course we have the
famous film Dracula starring Bela Lugosi
where dr. van Helsing portrayed by
edward van sloan stressed that vampire
images are never seen in a mirror but
then was fast forward to 1948 and the
film evident costello meet frankenstein
in which Bela Lugosi once again aceites
rule as Count Dracula by AKA also known
as Baron lotos in that film in one scene
Lenore Albert playing a doctor who
promised the transfer costs ellos brain
into the monsters head was refusing now
to do so so Lugosi ie the vampire was
hypnotizing her in front of a dresser
mirror and we clearly saw his image
total violation of vampiric principle
especially since this was a universal
film and 1931 they told us you can't see
a vampiric image possibly they were
trying to show his image wasn't cast in
the mirror but didn't notice that
russia's know how they would have missed
it that it was clearly seen terrible
violation of vampiric lore by the way
for that film lagasse's agent Don
Marlowe had promised the rule to him
then Universal said they wanted somebody
else and they didn't want to give it to
Lugosi so he put them to shame he said
you only paid him 3500 for the original
Dracula you made millions on it and you
owe him this role and he did land it and
he really enjoyed working on it others
in it included Vincent Price playing The
Invisible Man at the very end lon chaney
as the Wolfman
strange as Dracula as Frankenstein and
Don Chaney jr. as the Wolfman